Character 1

Scene 1:

Flow #1:
Narrator: In a small town called Neustadt there lived a boy named Emil. Summer is coming and his mother decided to let Emil spend his vacation on his
grandmother's house in Berlin. 
That afternoon was the day that Emil rides a train to Berlin, so his mother prepared a delicious lunch.

Mom: Emil, come here and sit down. You need to eat before preparing for your trip, you will be leaving this afternoon.

Emil: Yes mother.

Flow #2:

(Scene: Emil is in the kitchen and he needs to eat lunch)
(Requirements: Chair -> sit down)
(Requirements: Spoon and Fork -> pick up)
(Requirements: Select food on plate and eat it)

Flow #3:

Mom: Did you like the food that I have prepared for you my dear?

Emil: Yes mother, it was delicious!

Mom: Well I'm glad you liked it, don't forget to wash the dishes. I'll be waiting for you in your room. After washing the dishes, follow me 
and we'll prepare for your trip together.

Flow #4:

(Scene: Emil needs to wash the dishes)
(Requirements: Pick up utensils)
(Requirement: Select sink and wash dishes)

(HELP: You need to follow your mother to your room)

Scene 2:

Flow #1:

Narrator: Inside Emil's room,there was his mother waiting, ready to instruct him on what to bring to his trip.
Mom: I'll be giving you 170 marks. I placed it inside your drawer, open that and get the money.

Flow #2:

(Requirement: Emil needs to complete the 170 marks)
(Requirement; Pick the 100 Mark bill)
(Requirement: Pick the 50 Mark bill)
(Requirement: Pick the 20 Mark bill)

Flow #3:

Mom: So Emil, here's 170 marks, give 140 to grandma. Tell her that I hope she's doing fine and give her a kiss for me. 
The other 30 marks is for you, you'll need 10 marks for your return fare and keep the remaining money in your pocket in case anything turns out.
I'll put it inside the Envelope. Don't lose it.

Flow #4:

(Requirement: Add to the inventory)

Flow #5:

Emil: Don't worry, I'll guard it with my life.

Mom: Where would you better put it.

Emil: In my jacket, in the inside pocket.

Mom: Well, don't go telling people in the train that you have all these money on you.

Emil: I won't mother.

Mom: I have packed your clothes already. And here's a list of things that you might need for your trip.
(Display list of things: Pen, Paper, Flowers, Pin)
(Requirement: Add the things on the list to the inventory)

Narrator: Emil's father has been long gone, which made earning money and raising a child difficult for Mrs. Teschbein. But she worked hard to give Emil his
needs. She had turned one of their rooms into a hairdresser's and spent her days trimming, washing and sitting. But these hardships was all worth it, because
Emil was always the top of the class at the end of the term.
